Bumped python-multipart to >=0.0.7 (#3375)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> Fix python-multipart version. There is a new 0.0.7 version to fix a Re-DoS bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This releases updates the dependency of `python-multipart` to be at least `0.0.7` (which includes a security fix).

It also removes the upper bound for `python-multipart` so you can always install the latest version (if compatible) 😊
```
